1. How do I approach designing software?
1. How do I approach developing programs?
2. How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?

	- Generally, the approach I take to designing software is to first clearly understand the goals and constraints of the project, including what the end product needs to be, look like, and how it needs to perform. I took this approach with this OpenGL project, and sought to understand the scope and complexity of what I would be making, and therefore how to best approximates the scene within those constraints. Once I knew what I would need to create, I planned what my project would contain and envisioned what I could use to meet those goals.
	- When designing a program that operates within a defined system, in this case OpenGL, it's important to first understand the general rules and facets of the system. Over this course, we started at the baseline and worked through the different aspects of creating a scene, starting with basic shapes, and eventually ending with lighting. This approach is a good way to gain familiarity with a system like OpenGL, incrementally and with a specific endpoint in mind. This incremental approach is helpful for building features into a complex system, testing intermittently to make sure the desired functionality is there.
	- Computer Science is the gateway to technology and advancing said technology. I've always loved working on web projects, and would like to use my new experience and understanding of OpenGL to hopefully work on more visual projects, as they can add a lot to the user experience of a design or game. I would like to see more platforms that support or showcase 3D objects in the browser, perhaps using threejs. Having a lower level of understanding how 3D objects are created and rendered will help me with this goal.
